JS: `superagent` modeling (#19068)
github/codeql: javascript/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-03-20-superagent.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Extended support for `superagent` to include function call syntax and agent-based requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved support for `superagent` to handle the case where the package is directly called as a function, or via the `.del()` or `.agent()` method.
```
